h1. Kaltura Open Source Video Player Sample

The sample code contained in this project is intended to integrate HTML5 local storage capabilities into an in-context express checkout experience with the Kaltura open-source video player.  The Kaltura PHP client libraries are included with this project.  You may need to download the latest version from kaltura.com

You'll need to signup for an account at Kaltura.com and follow the Setup instructions below.  

h2. Setup Instructions

h3. Step 1 - Get your credentials

Create an account at Kaltura.com and once you've logged in, click on "Settings".  On the  Integration Settings tab you'll see your *PARTNER ID, ADMINISTRATOR SECRET and USER SECRET*, copy and paste it into the */server/php/kaltura.php*.  You'll need to update both the getSession and getPlaylist methods.

h3. Step 2 - Create an Access Control Profile

Login to Kaltura.com and click on *Settings*.  On the Access Control tab create a new Access Control profile.  One that will be for secure with a preview.  By secure, I mean they require a Kaltura Session to play.  When creating your profile, scroll to the bottom and under Advanced Security and Pay Per-view check the box for "Secure viewing of this video with server-side secret - (KS)"   and check the box for "preview" and select a length for your preview.

h3. Step 3 - Upload your videos and Create a Playlist

Login to Kaltura and upload your videos.  For each video you upload, select the Access Control and choose the new profile your created in Step 2.

Next create a playlist.  Click on the *Content* tab and select the *PlayList* menu item.  Create a new Playlist and add your videos to it.  Copy the playlist ID and paste it into the kaltura.php file inside the getPlaylist methods.

<pre>
$result = $kclient->playlist->get('YOUR_PLAYLIST_ID');
</pre>

h3. Step 4 - Create two Custom players (one with a Buy Button, and one without)

Login to Kaltura.com and click on *Studio*.  Click on *New Player Single Video*.  This will be your video player with the "Buy Now" button.  Choose your player's contorls as you like.  Click on the *Custom Button* label and check the box for *Custom Button 1*.  Then, click on options and put a label like "Buy Now".  This will trigger the PayPal embedded payment flow.

Copy the IDs for your two new players.  Remember which one is which.  Open the */index.html* file. 

1. Place the player with the "Buy Now Button" ID as the second argument in the loadVideo method located inside the Verify > FailCallback.
2. Place the player without the buy now button ID as the second argument in the loadVideo method located inside the Verify > successCallback.

<pre>
function verify(entryId){
	
	pptransact.verify({
		userId:'888888',
		itemId:entryId,
		successCallback: function(){
			//verify success
			loadVideo(pptransact.getVerifyData().ks,'PLAYER_ID_NO_BUY_NOW_BUTTON',pptransact.getVerifyData().itemId);
		},
		failCallback: function(){
			//verify cancelled
			var flashVars = "";
			loadVideo(flashVars,'PLAYER_ID_WITH_BUY_NOW_BUTTON',entryId);
			
		}
	});
}
</pre>

h3. Step 5 - Add Custom Data to your video

Login to Kaltura.com and click on *Settings*.  Select *Custom Data* and *Add New Schema*.  You'll create two fields, Amt and Taxamt.  Now return to your videos and in edit mode, you'll see *Custom Data* is now availalble.  Enter the amount and tax amount you wish to charge for the video.

h2.  You are ready to monetize your videos.  Please file any issues through github.com  We look forward to hearing from you.


